# kernel documentation 1.0 

Welcome to kernel-icaro (temporary name) a project that is being made to facilitate users.

```What does this mean? ```


> It means that you have found a kernel project that is being made with the objective of facilitating users to create an OS with a kernel, it is being developed to be lighter and with the objective of already having almost everything ready such as management certain specific drivers among others.



# Version 1.0 Features
 *What was added?*
 
 1- *Simple GDT Table (Global Descriptor Table)*, for memory management.

 2- New fixes, and general boot optimization.

 3 - Simple memory management preventing kernel from overwriting reserved and important memory.

 4- removed grub theme.

 5- added Kernel Panic.
 
 *in addition to more organized files and new Updates will only be written if they are very large or important.*

 
 
 
 # KERNEL COMPILATION TUTORIAL

 
 
 1-  Type ```make clean``` to clean up the files
 
 
 2- ```make all``` to compile all files
 
 
 3-  Test the ISO generated by Make using QEMU. ```qemu-system-x86_64 -cdrom icaro.iso```



# GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
*Have the compilers installed; they are:*

1- nasm, gcc, make.

2- A virtual machine like QEMU or VirtualBox.

These are the requirements I recommend.





# STRUCTURE
If you want to get an idea or a simple base of the kernel structure, go to the [map.md](map.md) file.






# STATEMENT 
I declare that AI was used in the project with caution, tested as support, AI was not used without correction. Artificial intelligence in complex files is only for technical support and clarification, everything has been highly tested and debugged, so don't worry about damaging something because it has already been tested as much as possible, I worry about the health of the hardware, so I made a very big fix.



## License
This project is protected under the **GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3)**. 
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

 
